Allow custom certificates on the transport layer (#6727)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/transport-settings.asciidoc

  - name: default
    count: 3
----

== Issue node transport certificates with third-party tools

When following the instructions in <<{p}-transport-ca>> the issuance of certificates is orchestrated by the ECK operator and the operator needs access to the CAs private key.
If this is undesirable it is also possible to configure node transport certificates without involving the ECK operator. The following two pre-requisites apply:

1. the tooling used must be able to issue individual certificates for each Elasticsearch node and dynamically add or remove certificates as the cluster scales up and down.

> 2. the ECK operator must be configured to trust the CA in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The Elasticsearch nodes must be configured to trust the CA in use.
```
